docs/reference.md, before:

# Reference 

## Conductor

### Description

In addition to this page, you can also directly access the documentation
of shepherd.js here: <https://shepherdjs.dev/docs/index.html>.

### Methods

#### Public methods

-   [`Conductor$new()`](#method-new)

-   [`Conductor$init()`](#method-init)

-   [`Conductor$start()`](#method-start)

-   [`Conductor$step()`](#method-step)

-   [`Conductor$updateStepOptions()`](#method-updateStepOptions)

-   [`Conductor$show()`](#method-show)

-   [`Conductor$remove()`](#method-remove)

-   [`Conductor$moveNext()`](#method-moveNext)

-   [`Conductor$moveBack()`](#method-moveBack)

-   [`Conductor$cancel()`](#method-cancel)

-   [`Conductor$hide()`](#method-hide)

-   [`Conductor$getCurrentStep()`](#method-getCurrentStep)

-   [`Conductor$getHighlightedElement()`](#method-getHighlightedElement)

-   [`Conductor$isCentered()`](#method-isCentered)

-   [`Conductor$isOpen()`](#method-isOpen)

-   [`Conductor$isActive()`](#method-isActive)

-   [`Conductor$clone()`](#method-clone)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-new"></span>

#### Method `new()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$new(
      exitOnEsc = TRUE,
      keyboardNavigation = TRUE,
      useModalOverlay = TRUE,
      classPrefix = NULL,
      tourName = NULL,
      stepsContainer = NULL,
      modalContainer = NULL,
      confirmCancel = FALSE,
      confirmCancelMessage = NULL,
      defaultStepOptions = NULL,
      mathjax = FALSE,
      progress = FALSE,
      onComplete = NULL,
      onCancel = NULL,
      onHide = NULL,
      onShow = NULL,
      onStart = NULL,
      onActive = NULL,
      onInactive = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`exitOnEsc`  
Allow closing the tour by pressing "Escape". Default is `TRUE`.

`keyboardNavigation`  
Allow navigating the tour with keyboard arrows. Default is `TRUE`.

`useModalOverlay`  
Highlight the tour popover and the element (if specified). Default is
`TRUE`.

`classPrefix`  
Add a prefix to the classes of the tour. This allows having different
CSS for each tour.

`tourName`  
An (optional) id to give to the tour.

`confirmCancel`  
Ask confirmation to cancel the tour. Default is `FALSE`.

`confirmCancelMessage`  
Message in the popup that ask confirmation to close the tour (works only
if `confirmCancel = TRUE`).

`defaultStepOptions`  
A nested list of options to apply to the entire tour. See `Details`.

`mathjax`  
Enable MathJax? Default is `FALSE`. This requires importing MathJax, for
example with `shiny::withMathJax()`.

`progress`  
Show a step counter in each step? Default is `FALSE`.

`onComplete`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is completed.

`onCancel`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is cancelled

`onHide`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is hidden

`onShow`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is shown.

`onStart`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour starts.

`onActive`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is active.

`onInactive`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is inactive.

##### Details

Create a new `Conductor` object.

##### Returns

A `Conductor` object.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-init"></span>

#### Method `init()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$init(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Initialise `Conductor`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-start"></span>

#### Method `start()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$start(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Start `Conductor`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-step"></span>

#### Method `step()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$step(
      title = NULL,
      text = NULL,
      el = NULL,
      position = NULL,
      arrow = TRUE,
      tabId = NULL,
      tab = NULL,
      canClickTarget = TRUE,
      advanceOn = NULL,
      scrollTo = TRUE,
      cancelIcon = NULL,
      when = NULL,
      showOn = NULL,
      id = NULL,
      buttons = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`title`  
Title of the popover.

`text`  
Text of the popover.

`el`  
The element to highlight. It can be an id (for example `#mynav`), a
class (for instance `.navbar`), or a general tag (for example `button`).
If `NULL` (default) or if the selector is not found, the popover will
appear in the center of the page.

`position`  
Position of the popover relative to the element. Possible values are:
'auto', 'auto-start', 'auto-end', 'top', 'top-start', 'top-end',
'bottom', 'bottom-start', 'bottom-end', 'right', 'right-start',
'right-end', 'left', 'left-start', 'left-end'.

`arrow`  
Add an arrow pointing towards the highlighted element. Default is
`TRUE`.

`tabId`  
Id of the `tabsetPanel()`.

`tab`  
Name of the tab that contains the element.

`canClickTarget`  
Allow the highlighted element to be clicked. Default is `TRUE`.

`cancelIcon`  
A list of two elements: `enabled` is a boolean indicating whether a
"close" icon should be displayed (default is `TRUE`); `label` is the
label to add for `aria-label`.

`showOn`  
Either a boolean or a JavaScript expression that returns `true` or
`false`. It indicates whether the step should be displayed in the tour.

`id`  
Name of the step (optional).

##### Details

Add a step in a `Conductor` tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-updateStepOptions"></span>

#### Method `updateStepOptions()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$updateStepOptions(
      step = NULL,
      title = NULL,
      text = NULL,
      el = NULL,
      position = NULL,
      arrow = TRUE,
      tabId = NULL,
      tab = NULL,
      canClickTarget = TRUE,
      advanceOn = NULL,
      scrollTo = TRUE,
      cancelIcon = NULL,
      when = NULL,
      showOn = NULL,
      id = NULL,
      buttons = NULL,
      session = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`title`  
Title of the popover.

`text`  
Text of the popover.

`el`  
The element to highlight. It can be an id (for example `#mynav`), a
class (for instance `.navbar`), or a general tag (for example `button`).
If `NULL` (default) or if the selector is not found, the popover will
appear in the center of the page.

`position`  
Position of the popover relative to the element. Possible values are:
'auto', 'auto-start', 'auto-end', 'top', 'top-start', 'top-end',
'bottom', 'bottom-start', 'bottom-end', 'right', 'right-start',
'right-end', 'left', 'left-start', 'left-end'.

`arrow`  
Add an arrow pointing towards the highlighted element. Default is
`TRUE`.

`tabId`  
Id of the `tabsetPanel()`.

`tab`  
Name of the tab that contains the element.

`canClickTarget`  
Allow the highlighted element to be clicked. Default is `TRUE`.

`cancelIcon`  
A list of two elements: `enabled` is a boolean indicating whether a
"close" icon should be displayed (default is `TRUE`); `label` is the
label to add for `aria-label`.

`showOn`  
Either a boolean or a JavaScript expression that returns `true` or
`false`. It indicates whether the step should be displayed in the tour.

`id`  
Name of the step (optional).

##### Details

Add a step in a `Conductor` tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-show"></span>

#### Method `show()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$show(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Either the id of the step to show (defined in `$step()`) or its number.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Show a specific step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-remove"></span>

#### Method `remove()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$remove(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
A character vector with the id(s) of the step(s) to remove (defined in
`$step()`).

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Remove specific step(s).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-moveNext"></span>

#### Method `moveNext()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$moveNext(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Advances the tour to the next step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-moveBack"></span>

#### Method `moveBack()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$moveBack(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Shows the previous step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-cancel"></span>

#### Method `cancel()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$cancel(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Cancels the tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-hide"></span>

#### Method `hide()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$hide(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Hides the current step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-getCurrentStep"></span>

#### Method `getCurrentStep()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$getCurrentStep(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Get the id of the current step. If no `id` was specified in `$step()`, a
random id is generated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-getHighlightedElement"></span>

#### Method `getHighlightedElement()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$getHighlightedElement(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Get a list of two elements about the highlighted element of a specific
step: its `id` and its `class`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isCentered"></span>

#### Method `isCentered()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isCentered(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Returns a value `TRUE` or `FALSE` indicating whether the step is
centered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isOpen"></span>

#### Method `isOpen()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isOpen(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Returns a value `TRUE` or `FALSE` indicating whether the step is open.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isActive"></span>

#### Method `isActive()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isActive(session = NULL)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-clone"></span>

#### Method `clone()`

The objects of this class are cloneable with this method.

##### Usage

    Conductor$clone(deep = FALSE)

##### Arguments

`deep`  
Whether to make a deep clone.


---
## Use conductor

### Description

Include dependencies, place anywhere in the shiny UI.

### Usage

    useConductor()

    use_conductor()


---

Commit message:

add: argument `buttons` in step and tour

docs/reference.md, after:

# Reference 

## Conductor

### Description

In addition to this page, you can also directly access the documentation
of shepherd.js here: <https://shepherdjs.dev/docs/index.html>.

### Methods

#### Public methods

-   [`Conductor$new()`](#method-new)

-   [`Conductor$init()`](#method-init)

-   [`Conductor$start()`](#method-start)

-   [`Conductor$step()`](#method-step)

-   [`Conductor$updateStepOptions()`](#method-updateStepOptions)

-   [`Conductor$show()`](#method-show)

-   [`Conductor$remove()`](#method-remove)

-   [`Conductor$moveNext()`](#method-moveNext)

-   [`Conductor$moveBack()`](#method-moveBack)

-   [`Conductor$cancel()`](#method-cancel)

-   [`Conductor$hide()`](#method-hide)

-   [`Conductor$getCurrentStep()`](#method-getCurrentStep)

-   [`Conductor$getHighlightedElement()`](#method-getHighlightedElement)

-   [`Conductor$isCentered()`](#method-isCentered)

-   [`Conductor$isOpen()`](#method-isOpen)

-   [`Conductor$isActive()`](#method-isActive)

-   [`Conductor$clone()`](#method-clone)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-new"></span>

#### Method `new()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$new(
      exitOnEsc = TRUE,
      keyboardNavigation = TRUE,
      useModalOverlay = TRUE,
      classPrefix = NULL,
      tourName = NULL,
      stepsContainer = NULL,
      modalContainer = NULL,
      confirmCancel = FALSE,
      confirmCancelMessage = NULL,
      defaultStepOptions = NULL,
      mathjax = FALSE,
      progress = FALSE,
      onComplete = NULL,
      onCancel = NULL,
      onHide = NULL,
      onShow = NULL,
      onStart = NULL,
      onActive = NULL,
      onInactive = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`exitOnEsc`  
Allow closing the tour by pressing "Escape". Default is `TRUE`.

`keyboardNavigation`  
Allow navigating the tour with keyboard arrows. Default is `TRUE`.

`useModalOverlay`  
Highlight the tour popover and the element (if specified). Default is
`TRUE`.

`classPrefix`  
Add a prefix to the classes of the tour. This allows having different
CSS for each tour.

`tourName`  
An (optional) id to give to the tour.

`confirmCancel`  
Ask confirmation to cancel the tour. Default is `FALSE`.

`confirmCancelMessage`  
Message in the popup that ask confirmation to close the tour (works only
if `confirmCancel = TRUE`).

`defaultStepOptions`  
A nested list of options to apply to the entire tour. See `Details`.

`mathjax`  
Enable MathJax? Default is `FALSE`. This requires importing MathJax, for
example with `shiny::withMathJax()`.

`progress`  
Show a step counter in each step? Default is `FALSE`.

`onComplete`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is completed.

`onCancel`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is cancelled.

`onHide`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is hidden.

`onShow`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is shown.

`onStart`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour starts.

`onActive`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is active.

`onInactive`  
A JavaScript code to run when the tour is inactive.

##### Details

Create a new `Conductor` object.

##### Returns

A `Conductor` object.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-init"></span>

#### Method `init()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$init(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Initialise `Conductor`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-start"></span>

#### Method `start()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$start(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Start `Conductor`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-step"></span>

#### Method `step()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$step(
      title = NULL,
      text = NULL,
      el = NULL,
      position = NULL,
      arrow = TRUE,
      tabId = NULL,
      tab = NULL,
      canClickTarget = TRUE,
      advanceOn = NULL,
      scrollTo = TRUE,
      cancelIcon = NULL,
      when = NULL,
      showOn = NULL,
      id = NULL,
      buttons = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`title`  
Title of the popover.

`text`  
Text of the popover.

`el`  
The element to highlight. It can be an id (for example `#mynav`), a
class (for instance `.navbar`), or a general tag (for example `button`).
If `NULL` (default) or if the selector is not found, the popover will
appear in the center of the page.

`position`  
Position of the popover relative to the element. Possible values are:
'auto', 'auto-start', 'auto-end', 'top', 'top-start', 'top-end',
'bottom', 'bottom-start', 'bottom-end', 'right', 'right-start',
'right-end', 'left', 'left-start', 'left-end'.

`arrow`  
Add an arrow pointing towards the highlighted element. Default is
`TRUE`.

`tabId`  
Id of the `tabsetPanel()`.

`tab`  
Name of the tab that contains the element.

`canClickTarget`  
Allow the highlighted element to be clicked. Default is `TRUE`.

`cancelIcon`  
A list of two elements: `enabled` is a boolean indicating whether a
"close" icon should be displayed (default is `TRUE`); `label` is the
label to add for `aria-label`.

`showOn`  
Either a boolean or a JavaScript expression that returns `true` or
`false`. It indicates whether the step should be displayed in the tour.

`id`  
Name of the step (optional).

`buttons`  
A list of lists. Each "sublist" contains the information for one button.
There are six possible arguments for each button: action ("back" or
"next"), text (name of the button), secondary (`TRUE`/`FALSE`), disabled
(`TRUE`/`FALSE`), label (aria-label of the button), and classes (for
finer CSS customization).

##### Details

Add a step in a `Conductor` tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-updateStepOptions"></span>

#### Method `updateStepOptions()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$updateStepOptions(
      step = NULL,
      title = NULL,
      text = NULL,
      el = NULL,
      position = NULL,
      arrow = TRUE,
      tabId = NULL,
      tab = NULL,
      canClickTarget = TRUE,
      advanceOn = NULL,
      scrollTo = TRUE,
      cancelIcon = NULL,
      when = NULL,
      showOn = NULL,
      id = NULL,
      buttons = NULL,
      session = NULL
    )

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`title`  
Title of the popover.

`text`  
Text of the popover.

`el`  
The element to highlight. It can be an id (for example `#mynav`), a
class (for instance `.navbar`), or a general tag (for example `button`).
If `NULL` (default) or if the selector is not found, the popover will
appear in the center of the page.

`position`  
Position of the popover relative to the element. Possible values are:
'auto', 'auto-start', 'auto-end', 'top', 'top-start', 'top-end',
'bottom', 'bottom-start', 'bottom-end', 'right', 'right-start',
'right-end', 'left', 'left-start', 'left-end'.

`arrow`  
Add an arrow pointing towards the highlighted element. Default is
`TRUE`.

`tabId`  
Id of the `tabsetPanel()`.

`tab`  
Name of the tab that contains the element.

`canClickTarget`  
Allow the highlighted element to be clicked. Default is `TRUE`.

`cancelIcon`  
A list of two elements: `enabled` is a boolean indicating whether a
"close" icon should be displayed (default is `TRUE`); `label` is the
label to add for `aria-label`.

`showOn`  
Either a boolean or a JavaScript expression that returns `true` or
`false`. It indicates whether the step should be displayed in the tour.

`id`  
Name of the step (optional).

`buttons`  
A list of lists. Each "sublist" contains the information for one button.
There are six possible arguments for each button: action ("back" or
"next"), text (name of the button), secondary (`TRUE`/`FALSE`), disabled
(`TRUE`/`FALSE`), label (aria-label of the button), and classes (for
finer CSS customization).

##### Details

Add a step in a `Conductor` tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-show"></span>

#### Method `show()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$show(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Either the id of the step to show (defined in `$step()`) or its number.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Show a specific step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-remove"></span>

#### Method `remove()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$remove(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
A character vector with the id(s) of the step(s) to remove (defined in
`$step()`).

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Remove specific step(s).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-moveNext"></span>

#### Method `moveNext()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$moveNext(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Advances the tour to the next step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-moveBack"></span>

#### Method `moveBack()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$moveBack(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Shows the previous step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-cancel"></span>

#### Method `cancel()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$cancel(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Cancels the tour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-hide"></span>

#### Method `hide()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$hide(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Hides the current step.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-getCurrentStep"></span>

#### Method `getCurrentStep()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$getCurrentStep(session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Get the id of the current step. If no `id` was specified in `$step()`, a
random id is generated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-getHighlightedElement"></span>

#### Method `getHighlightedElement()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$getHighlightedElement(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Get a list of two elements about the highlighted element of a specific
step: its `id` and its `class`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isCentered"></span>

#### Method `isCentered()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isCentered(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Returns a value `TRUE` or `FALSE` indicating whether the step is
centered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isOpen"></span>

#### Method `isOpen()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isOpen(step = NULL, session = NULL)

##### Arguments

`step`  
Id of the step (optional). If `NULL` (default), the current step is
used.

`session`  
A valid Shiny session. If `NULL` (default), the function attempts to get
the session with `shiny::getDefaultReactiveDomain()`.

##### Details

Returns a value `TRUE` or `FALSE` indicating whether the step is open.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-isActive"></span>

#### Method `isActive()`

##### Usage

    Conductor$isActive(session = NULL)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span id="method-clone"></span>

#### Method `clone()`

The objects of this class are cloneable with this method.

##### Usage

    Conductor$clone(deep = FALSE)

##### Arguments

`deep`  
Whether to make a deep clone.


---
## Use conductor

### Description

Include dependencies, place anywhere in the shiny UI.

### Usage

    useConductor()

    use_conductor()


---
